

-how memory management or Garbage collection works in java?
Garbage collection
    Java provides automatic memory management through a program called Garbage collector.
    "Remove objects that are not used anymore."
    live object = reacheable (referenced by someone else)
    dead object = unreachable (not referenced from anywhere)
    Garbage collection is carried out by a daemon thread called "Garbage collector"
    we can not force gc to happen (System.gc())

Create an Object without ‘new’ Keyword



Differences between Abstraction and Encapsulation
Differences between Interface and Abstract Class
Difference between StringBuffer and StringBuilder
realtime example of final class provided by java?
A real-time example of a final class in Java is the java.lang.String class,
which is a final class and cannot be extended by any other class.
This is because the String class is complete in nature and cannot be modified

What is public static void main(String[] args) ?
public - this method is accessible from outside the class.
static - No object is required to call the main method.
void - this method does not return any value.
main - Special method name to start the java program execution.
String[] args - the arguments passed while running the program.

Can we change the order of public , static , and void keywords ?
Yes can change the order of public and static keywords , but void should come just before the method name.

Method Overloading
                public class Calculator{

                    // By changing the number of parameters
                    
                    public int add(int a, int b){
                        return a+b;
                    }

                    public int add(int a , int b , int c){
                        return a+b+c;
                    }

                    // By changing the data types of parameters

                    public double add(double a,double b){
                        return a+b;
                    }

                }

                public class CalculatorTest{

                    public static void main(String[] args){

                        Calculator calculator = new Calculator();

                        int result1 = calculator.add(10,20);

                        System.out.println("Addition of Two numbers : " + result);

                        int result2 = calculator.add(10,20,30);

                        System.out.println("Addition of Three numbers : "+ result2);

                        double result3 = calculator.add(10.0,20.0);

                        System.out.println("Addition of Two Double Numbers : "+ result3);

                    }

                }

            
Abstract Class And Interface
                Abstraction-
                It is the process of hiding the certain details and showing the important information
                to the end user called as “Abstraction”. Or
                Abstraction is a process of hiding the implementation details and showing only functionality
                to the user.

                How to achieve Abstraction in Java?
                There are two ways to achieve or implement abstraction in java program. They are as follows:
                Abstract class (0 to 100%)
                Interface (100%)
            
what will happen if we write final keyword with abstarct class?
If you declare a class abstract, to use it, you must extend it and if you declare a class final you cannot extend it,
since both contradict with each other you cannot declare a class both abstract and final
if you do so a compile time error will be generated.

Can We Start Thread Twice ?
No. You can not start thread twice
This will result in a IllegalThreadStateException


                public class StartTwice{
                    public static void main(String[] args){
                        Thread t = new Thread();
                        t.start();
                        t.start();
                    }

                }
            
What methods thread use to communicate with each other ?
Thread use wait(), notify(), and notifyAll() to communicate with each other.

Why Strings are Immutable or final in Java ?
1. Immutable String or Object that can not be modified once it is created. But We can only change the reference to the object.
2. The String is immutable in java because of the security,synchronization and concurrency ,caching and class loading.

Why java provided with String Constant Pool as we can store the objects in heap memory ?
String Constant Pool provides the facility of reusability of the existing string object.
When a new string object is created using the string literals ,then JVM first checks in the pool if this string already exists or not.
if it exists ,then it will reference the existing string rather than creating a new object.
this will help in the speeding up of the application and also helps in saving the memory as no two objects will have the same content.

Why abstract class has constructor even though we cannot create object?
We cannot create an object of abstract class but we can create an object of subclass of abstract class.
When we create an object of subclass of an abstract class, it calls the constructor of subclass.
This subclass constructor has super in the first line that calls constructor of an abstract class.
Thus, the constructors of an abstract class are used from constructor of its subclass.
If the abstract class doesn’t have a constructor, a class that extends that abstract class will not get compiled.

How to create immutable class.